---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openfga Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The OpenFGA provider is used to interact with a OpenFGA server.
  It can be used to create resources (like Stores, Authorization Models, Relationship Tuples) or to perform queries (e.g. Check, List Objects, List Users).
---

# openfga Provider

The OpenFGA provider is used to interact with a OpenFGA server.

It can be used to create resources (like Stores, Authorization Models, Relationship Tuples) or to perform queries (e.g. Check, List Objects, List Users).

## Authenticating to OpenFGA

The provider supports a number of different methods for authenticating to OpenFGA:

### No authentication (not recommended)

If your OpenFGA server can be accessed without authentication. You do not need to provide authentication information in the provider configuration.

### Pre-shared key/ token authentication

If you configured your OpenFGA server to use [pre-shared key authentication](https://openfga.dev/docs/getting-started/setup-openfga/configure-openfga#pre-shared-key-authentication), set the `api_token` field in the provider configuration.

-> This field can also be used if you are using OIDC authentication but have already obtained a valid access token via other means.

### OIDC authentication

If you configured your OpenFGA server to use [OIDC authentication](https://openfga.dev/docs/getting-started/setup-openfga/configure-openfga#oidc), set the `client_id`, `client_secret` and `api_token_issuer` fields in the provider configuration.

-> This will make the provider obtain an access token with the provided credentials. If you already obtained a valid access token via other means, use the `api_token` field instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# No authentication
provider "openfga" {
  api_url = "http://localhost:8080"
}

# Pre-shared key/ token authentication
provider "openfga" {
  api_url = "http://localhost:8080"

  api_token = var.openfga_api_token
}

# OIDC authentication
provider "openfga" {
  api_url = "http://localhost:8080"

  client_id        = var.openfga_client_id
  client_secret    = var.openfga_client_secret
  api_token_issuer = var.openfga_api_token_issuer
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_audience` (String) Audience for client credentials authentication. This can also be sourced from the `FGA_API_AUDIENCE` environment variable.
- `api_scopes` (String) Scopes for client credentials authentication. This can also be sourced from the `FGA_API_SCOPES` environment variable.
- `api_token` (String) Access token for authentication to the OpenFGA server. This can also be sourced from the `FGA_API_TOKEN` environment variable.
- `api_token_issuer` (String) The issuer URL or full token endpoint URL for client credentials authentication. If only the issuer URL is provided, the `oauth/token` path is used to retrieve an access token. This can also be sourced from the `FGA_API_TOKEN_ISSUER` environment variable.
- `api_url` (String) URL of the OpenFGA server. This can also be sourced from the `FGA_API_URL` environment variable.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID for client credentials authentication. This can also be sourced from the `FGA_CLIENT_ID` environment variable.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret for client credentials authentication. This can also be sourced from the `FGA_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.